INTMDB-939: [Terraform] Feature Add: Shared-Tier Snapshots (#1323)
mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas: website/docs/d/cloud_provider_shared_tier_snapshot.html.markdown

---
layout: "mongodbatlas"
page_title: "MongoDB Atlas: mongodbatlas_shared_tier_snapshot"
sidebar_current: "docs-mongodbatlas-datasource-cloud_provider_shared_tier_snapshot"
description: |-
    Provides an Cloud Backup Snapshot Datasource for Shared Tier Clusters.
---

# Data Source: mongodbatlas_shared_tier_snapshot

> `mongodbatlas_shared_tier_snapshot` provides an Cloud Backup Snapshot datasource for Shared Tier Clusters. Atlas Cloud Backup Snapshots provide localized backup storage using the native snapshot functionality of the cluster’s cloud service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`mongodbatlas_shared_tier_snapshot` provides an Cloud Backup Snapshot data source for Shared Tier Clusters. Atlas Cloud Backup Snapshots provide localized backup storage using the native snapshot functionality of the cluster’s cloud service.
```

-> **NOTE:** Groups and projects are synonymous terms. You may find `groupId` in the official documentation.

> -> **NOTE:** This datasource is only for Shared Tier Clusters (M0, M2, M5).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-> **NOTE:** This data source is only for Shared Tier Clusters (M2 and M5). See [here](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/reference/free-shared-limitations/) for more details on Shared Tier Cluster Limitations. 
```
